Test description

Test IDMIP4SLT2.5_2420Test TitleUse of Managed Code Lists - nationalityExecution Priority1ObjectiveThe list of code values for the nationality element will not be frozen as part of the MIP4 specification, but evolves over time (or specified for a particular operation). Systems that map between the nationality codes and internal structures must be prepared to accommodate changes, and handle unrecognized values. MIP will provide an initial nationality code list, but the nationality code list will be external to the schemas.ScenarioSend an object with different nationality codes to the Gateway through the Test Tool (TT). The nationality codes are taken from the nationality code list. Send the object again with nationality codes not present in the code list. The Gateway must be able to handle the nationality codes by either correct mapping to the C2 system, translate invalid nationality codes to comment or any other means. In either way the Gateway must remain stable.EnvironmentCo-located, Internet through VPN.Participation1MTRSPre-test ConditionsThe nations Gateway and the TT are ready to connect and have a physical connection with each other. Also the SOAP connection is established and ready for transport. The Gateway is configured with the elements from the nationality code list contained in dataset_2420x.Test InputsDataset_2420x.ConclusionThis test is considered a success the Gateway remains stable and handles all messages correctly. Preferably the object is displayed at the nations C2 system with correct nationality information.Test OutputsPass or fail.TraceabilityREQ_IDT_0003

Test Procedure

StepActionExpected ResultSrcDst1. The nation loads dataset_2420a into their C2 system (2) through the TT (1). ~~Objects visible in the C2 system with the nationality of the nationality code list. ~~122. The nation loads dataset_2420b into their C2 system (2) through the TT (1). ~~Objects visible in the C2 system with invalid or no nationality codes. ~~12
Configuration
ItemValueCommentEventGeneration10 --> Combine steps to one event in the MTMT, generate new MTMT events on every source - destination change.
1 --> Every step will be added to the MTMT as a separate event.



2



					          


1

