Test description

Test IDMIP4SLT2.5_2421Test TitleUse of Managed Code Lists - religionExecution Priority1ObjectiveThe list of code values for the religion element will not be frozen as part of the MIP4 specification, but evolves over time (or specified for a particular operation). Systems that map between the religion codes and internal structures must be prepared to accommodate changes, and handle unrecognized values. MIP will provide an initial religion code list, but the religion code list will be external to the schemas.ScenarioSend an object with different religion codes to the Gateway through the Test Tool (TT). The religion codes are taken from the religion code list. Send the object again with religion codes not present in the religion code list. The Gateway must be able to handle the religion codes by either correct mapping to the C2 system, translate invalid religion codes to comment or any other means. In either way the Gateway must remain stable.EnvironmentCo-located, Internet through VPN.Participation1MTRSPre-test ConditionsThe nations Gateway and the TT are ready to connect and have a physical connection with each other. Also the SOAP connection is established and ready for transport. The Gateway is configured with the elements from the religion code list contained in dataset_2421x.Test InputsDataset_2421x.ConclusionThis test is considered a success the Gateway remains stable and handles all messages correctly. Preferably the object is displayed at the nations C2 system with correct religion information.Test OutputsPass or fail.TraceabilityREQ_IDT_0003

Test Procedure

StepActionExpected ResultSrcDst1. The nation loads dataset_2421a into their C2 system (2) through the TT (1). ~~Objects visible in the C2 system with the religion of the religion code list. ~~122. The nation loads dataset_2421b into their C2 system (2) through the TT (1). ~~Objects visible in the C2 system with invalid or no religion codes. ~~12
Configuration
ItemValueCommentEventGeneration10 --> Combine steps to one event in the MTMT, generate new MTMT events on every source - destination change.
1 --> Every step will be added to the MTMT as a separate event.



2



					          


1

