Test description

Test IDMIP4SLT3SF_3131Test TitleExchange BSO Names between English and German language C2ISs.Execution Priority1ObjectiveCover exchanges and mapping between English and German charsets, especially 'extreme' examples, to see if unexpected behaviour is observed.ScenarioNation A C2IS native working language is German and creates some BSOs (GeographicFeatures and Persons are suggested) on it. Nation B C2IS native working language is English and receives the objects. Rotate roles. Both C2IS should cope well with the objects in both cases. EnvironmentInternet or co-located. Exchange Pattern: P/S, R/RParticipation2MTRSPre-test ConditionsNation A has published a topic, containing GeographicFeatures and Persons. Nation B has subscribed to Nation A's topic.Test InputsN/AConclusionThe test is passed if both Nations can cope well with each other's (special) charset.Test OutputsN/ATraceabilityREQ_SYS_0022



Test Procedure

StepActionExpected ResultSrcDst1. Nation A (German native speaking) creates BSOs in its C2IS such as GeographicFeatures and Persons, which Name Elements include characters not existing in Nation B's native language. 
Make sure all possible Nation A's language characters not existing in Nation B's are included in the Name Elements.

Comments
The desired behaviour of a receiving system encountering an Unicode charset not included in its own native language, should be a convenient mapping of the special stranger characters (for instance German 'Straße' to 'Strasse') in case they cannot be represented, or just a representation with the original charset if possible. ~~Nation B C2IS native working language is English and receives the BSOs. 
The receiving C2IS should cope well with the objects. ~~122. Rotate roles, even if all Nation B's charset is included in Nation A's. ~~The receiving C2IS should cope well with the objects. ~~21
Configuration
ItemValueCommentEventGeneration10 --> Combine steps to one event in the MTMT, generate new MTMT events on every source - destination change.
1 --> Every step will be added to the MTMT as a separate event.



2



					          


1

