Test description

Test IDMIP4SLT1_1126Test TitleRetrieve items using a filter on bounding box.  Bounding box contains itemsExecution Priority1 (and High Priority area)ObjectiveTo retrieve items using a filter on a bounding box where the bounding box contains itemsScenarioTest to be derived with (bounding box "contains" items). 
The requestor must provide a valid bounding box.
There must be at least one valid entity contained within the valid bounding box.
'Retrieve' is the term used within MIP Information Exchange Specification (MIP IES) - REQUEST/RESPONSE EXCHANGE PATTERN.
Notice: There is 'TopicExpression' yet not 'ConcreteTopicExpression' within MIP4.0- REQUEST/RESPONSE EXCHANGE PATTERN - IPT4
V0.1.2, not even the term 'Concrete' is once found. EMT: Please assessEnvironmentInternet or Co-locatedParticipation2MTRSPre-test ConditionsMIP4SLT1_1211,  MIP4SLT1_1214, MIP4SLT1_1213

Prior to initiating exchange of MIP4.0 messages, each participant in the exchange will complete the MIP4.0 Joining Questionnaire [REF-MIP-5] and share this questionnaire with their exchange partners.  The exchange of completed questionnaires will:
? Inform exchange partners of the capabilities of a partner system
? Allow  partners to exchange source identifiers
? Aid in the early identification of potential issues
The exchange partners are expected to resolve any identified issues prior to the actual exchange of MIP4.0 messages.


IDRuleExigence-1Prior to initiating MIP4.0 Information Exchange, the exchange partners shall complete and share the MIP4.0 Joining Questionnaire.[REF-MIP-5]
The Provider should confirm that his system contains at least one valid entity within the bounding box which the Consumer is going to provide for the test.
Test InputsA valid bounding box to use as filter criterion.ConclusionThe test is completed when the Consumer system is able to correctly receive all information associated with the items contained within the specified bounding box, over a request-response exchange.  The Provider must identify contained items which lie within the bounding box specified by the Consumer.Test OutputsVerification that the information associated with the specified bounding box is received correctly.  The set of information contained within the bounding box must not be empty.TraceabilityMIP4_Request_Response_Exchange_Pattern, REQ_SYS_0021, REQ_EM_0012

Test Procedure

StepActionExpected ResultSrcDst1. Consumer (1) requests information about items contained within a bounding box from the Provider (2) using a Request/Response exchange. ~~Provider receives and interprets request correctly. ~~122. Provider sends requested information (whether bounding box "contains" items; bounding box does not "contain" items).   Consumer receives and interprets requested data correctly. For this test, the bounding box must contain at least one item. ~~Requested data is received and interpreted correctly. ~~21Configuration
ItemValueCommentEventGeneration10 --> Combine steps to one event in the MTMT, generate new MTMT events on every source - destination change.
1 --> Every step will be added to the MTMT as a separate event.




3



					          


1

